doc: Enhance remote-data-source documentation (#145)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk: README.md

});
```

### Meta_ parameters

> This is not part of the API, but it's a way of passing information to the manifest. Any value can be passed like this, one just needs to put something like `${meta_nameOfParameter}` in a specific config of the manifest, and in the `/create` call, set this meta-parameter to whatever is prefered, like `meta_nameOfParameter="A message for example"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not part of the API, but it's a way of passing information to the manifest. Any value can be passed like this, one just needs to put something like `${meta_nameOfParameter}` in a specific config of the manifest, and in the `/create` call, set this meta-parameter to whatever is preferred, like `meta_nameOfParameter="Sample message"`
```
